fix: add standard verbs (#620)
loft-sh/vcluster-docs: platform_versioned_docs/version-4.2.0/api/resources/virtualclusterinstance/virtualclusterinstance.mdx

<details>
<summary>Verbs for Virtual Cluster Instances </summary>

The following table lists the verbs for the `VirtualClusterInstance` resource, including their HTTP methods, descriptions, and category.

| Verb       | HTTP Method   | Description    | Type         |
|--------- --|---------------|----------------|--------------|
| `get`      | GET           | Retrieves virtual cluster instance from UI and API                          | Standard     |
| `list`     | GET           | Lists collections of virtual cluster instances                              | Standard     |
| `watch`    | GET with `?watch=1` | Watches for changes to virtual cluster instances                      | Standard     |
| `create`          | POST                | Creates new virtual cluster instances                          | Standard     |
| `update`          | PATCH               | Updates existing virtual cluster instances from UI             | Standard     |
| `patch`           | PATCH               | Partially modifies resources via API                           | Standard     |

> | `delete`          | DELETE              | Deletes resources from UI and API                              | Standard     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `delete`          | DELETE              | Permanently removes a virtual cluster instance via UI or API                           | Standard     |
```
```suggestion
| `delete`          | DELETE              | Deletes resources from UI and API                              | Standard     |
```

> | `get`      | GET           | Retrieves virtual cluster instance from UI and API                          | Standard     |
> | `list`     | GET           | Lists collections of virtual cluster instances                              | Standard     |
> | `watch`    | GET with `?watch=1` | Watches for changes to virtual cluster instances                      | Standard     |
> | `create`          | POST                | Creates new virtual cluster instances                          | Standard     |
> | `update`          | PATCH               | Updates existing virtual cluster instances from UI             | Standard     |
> | `patch`           | PATCH               | Partially modifies resources via API                           | Standard     |
> | `delete`          | DELETE              | Deletes resources from UI and API                              | Standard     |
> | `deletecollection`| DELETE with filters | Deletes resources by criteria (e.g., label selector)           | Standard     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `get`      | GET           | Retrieves virtual cluster instance from UI and API                          | Standard     |
| `list`     | GET           | Lists collections of virtual cluster instances                              | Standard     |
| `watch`    | GET with `?watch=1` | Watches for changes to virtual cluster instances                      | Standard     |
| `create`          | POST                | Creates new virtual cluster instances                          | Standard     |
| `update`          | PATCH               | Updates existing virtual cluster instances from UI             | Standard     |
| `patch`           | PATCH               | Partially modifies a virtual cluster instance through the API, without replacing the full spec                           | Standard     |
| `delete`          | DELETE              | Permanently removes a virtual cluster instance via UI or API                              | Standard     |
| `deletecollection`| DELETE with filters | Deletes multiple virtual cluster instances matching specific criteria (e.g., label selector)           | Standard     |
```

> | `use`             | N/A                 | Manages access to vcluster API, kubeconfig, and resources      | Non-standard |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `use`             | N/A                 | Manages access to vcluster instances API, retrieving the kubeconfig, connecting to vcluster and accessing resources      | Non-standard |
```
